hello YouTube I just wanted to show
something I picked up this was like $13
I want a small pencil tip towards icn's
up $30 or more really windy it's leading
out some little granules No
hard everyone searches where you start
waking gas your people are desperate if
just want to work pretty good flow blah
okay then we'll turn it off here don't
drop it
this comes with a this brand of propane
and here's the Box got to set one of the
big home stores but just for warned on
that stuff I went through six boxes of
these took them out of the box to
inspect them because several of them had
get this down into little background so
kind that it just do it several had this
was bent one you could not open so what
we're really loose time to this it was
really wobbly really wobbly so I will
open six boxes till I nitpicked and got
this one
so just fire beware but that's what it
is
I'll have a couple pictures here I did
get a kick out of that I cannot tell you
what where this company's Auto but will
pause and
if I could figure it out on the box or
on the tank I'll add it to the video
okay this is out of Columbus Ohio
so tanks then USA
this says magnet industries Cleveland
Ohio but I will bet anybody is made in
China but it does not say but it says
being USA well you never know the tank
could be made here this isn't but if
anybody knows tell me because I wasn't
too sure it says made in USA magnet
industries so I can't really tell you
I'm kind of lost their could just see me
I'm not reading enough but Lighting's
not straightest well I can do some test
videos on a few different things here
bear with me there you go
was 13 bucks well something and I wasn't
going to pass it up I've seen these
pretty expensive but I like this but
I'll take a couple close-up pictures of
this so thanks for watching
you